Docs/blog/use deploy environments 08092022 (#1455)
vtex/faststore: apps/docs/blog/2022-09-08-webops.md

---
description: The automatic previews of your FastStore project's pull requests are now deployed with GitHub environments.
tags: [webops]
---

# FastStore deploys are now on GitHub environments

The automatic previews of your FastStore project's Pull Requests are now deployed with [GitHub environments](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/actions/deployment/targeting-different-environments/using-environments-for-deployment).

## What has changed?

Previously, if you committed code to a branch with an open pull request, you would see the corresponding previews deployed in a bot comment such as this one:
![Previous deploy in bot comment](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/1_187782153-7d9662f6-6c15-4f6f-915e-a348f88414fc___bda6116cb4b9bda978500e363646c6ce.png)

> Now, deployment is done with GitHub environments, which means you should see something like this in your pull request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, this comment is no longer provided. Instead, you should check the GitHub environments section. You should see something like this in your pull request:
```
